./" Manpage for _printf().
.TH _printf "" "20-04-2022" "1.0" "ALX C Project Manual"
.SH NAME
_printf - formatted output conversion
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "#include 'main.h'
.PP
.BI "int _printf(const char *format, ...);"
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
The arguments in the _printf() function produce output according to a format as described below. The function _printf() write output to stdout, the standard output stream.
.SH Format of the format string
The format string is a character string, beginning and ending in its initial shift state, if any. The format string is composed of zero or more directives: ordinary characters (not %), which are copied unchanged to the output stream; and conversion specifications, each of which results in fetching zero or more subsequent arguments. Each conversion specification is introduced by the character %, and ends with a conversion specifier.
.SH Conversion specifiers
A character that specifies the type of conversion to be applied.  The conversion specifiers and their meanings are:
.PP
	c	The int argument is converted to an unsigned char, and the resulting character is written.

	s	The const char * argument is expected to be a pointer to an array of character type (pointer to a string). Characters from the array are written 
		up to (but not including) a terminating null byte ('\0'), the array must contain a terminating null byte.

	%	A '%' is written. No argument is converted. The complete conversion specification is '%%'.

	d, i	The int argument is converted to signed decimal notation.

RETURN VALUE
	Upon successful return, these functions return the number of characters printed (excluding the null byte used to end output to strings).

	If an output error is encountered, a negative value is returned.

CONFORMING TO
	_printf(): A function that produces output according to a format.

EXAMPLES
	

COLOPHON
	This page is a manual for the _printf() function, which is printf()-like, created according to the specifications provided on the ALX intranet.
